hello and welcome back to 10 minute
movies where we take cinematic
masterpieces and more often disasters
and cut them down into short digestible
videos today we're taking a look at the
fifth film on the Bond franchise You
Only Live Twice
[Music]
you only live twice was released in 1967
during the height of the Cold War and
the plot is appropriately filled
following a ploy to start a Soviet
American nuclear war the film was a
roaring success in the box office with
fans of bond ranking You Only Live Twice
among the best in the series so without
further ado let's get into the plot the
film starts with a NASA spacecraft the
rocket called Jupiter 16 is completing
an orbit of the earth when an
unidentified object appears on its radar
the object eventually comes close enough
for the astronauts to be able to see it
and they discover that it is in fact
another spacecraft as it draws ever
closer the nose of the craft opens as it
prepares to engulf cheaper to 16 this
hijacks the NASA vehicle and also cuts
off its communication with Cape
Canaveral causing panic at the White
House this leads to a summit between the
American Soviet and British governments
to discuss the disappearance of the
rocket this being the Cold War the
Americans suspect the Soviets of foul
play
however the British government suspect
the Japanese are involved since they
track the spacecraft coming down to
earth over the Sea of Japan to
investigate mi6 send agent James Bond to
Tokyo to work alongside the Japanese
Secret Service on his arrival Bond
attends a sumo wrestling match where
he's approached by Japanese Secret
Service agent Aki
ackee then takes bond to a tokyo-based
mi6 operative named dick Oh Henderson at
his house bonden dick Oh share a drink
together and Henderson reveals that he
has critical evidence about the rocket
but before he can elaborate further he
stabbed by an assassin through the
paper-thin walls Bond chases after and
kills the assailant then he takes the
man's clothes as a disguise and goes to
the man's getaway car once in the car he
pretends to be injured so he doesn't
have to speak the assassins accomplice
then drives them back to presumably
where they came from which turns out to
be the headquarters of Asato chemicals
bombs subdues the driver of the car then
breaks into the building and infiltrates
the Chairman's office there he manages
to break into mr. Osato safe and steal
secret documents on his way out though
bond sets off an alarm and is pursued by
armed security luckily though he's
rescued by a key and the to drive to an
abandoned subway station once there a
key freeze inside the building away from
one bond follows after her but falls
down a hidden trapdoor which leads to
the office of Tiger Tanaka Tiger is the
head of the Japanese Secret Service and
agrees to help bond the two examined the
stolen documents where they find a
receipt for 500 kilograms of liquid
oxygen used in the production of rocket
fuel they also find a photograph of a
cargo ship called the Ningpo the photo
of the Ningpo contains a microdot
message explaining that the tourists who
took the photo was killed as a security
precaution
bonden Tanaka then traveled to Tanika
spar
their bond meets with Aki again having
developed feelings for one another
the pair kiss and bomb carries a key to
bed the next day bond goes back to Asato
chemicals to meet mr. Osato himself bond
pretends to be a potential new buyer and
probes a Sato about the sale of liquid
oxygen a Sato humors bond but after the
meeting he orders his secretary helga
brand to have bond killed on his way out
assassins open fire on bond but
fortunately Aki is there to rescue him
again and the to drive to the port where
the Ningpo is docked there they
investigate the dock and discovered that
the ship is delivering chemicals for
rocket fuel however they're discovered
and a chase begins during which Aki
manages to escape Bond harbour is
captured and when he wakes up he finds
himself tied up in Helga Brandt's cabin
aboard the ninky brant interrogate
spawned before kissing him she pretends
she wants to escape from a sato with
bond and so the next day the two fly in
a plane to Tokyo however it's revealed
that she was tricking bond and she sets
off a flare in the plane seals bond in
his seat and bails out in an attempt to
finally kill him Bowden though manages
to escape the trap and land the plane he
then escapes before it explodes
[Music]
the following day bond meets with Tanaka
again Tiger shows bond a much more
recent photo of the Ningpo and when
compared to the original found in esatas
office the water line on the boat is
considerably lower down meaning that she
must have been emptied of her cargo bond
decides to investigate the Ningpo and
finds the place where she was last in
using a weaponized autogyro provided to
him by mi6 his gadget master q bond
flies out over an island near a volcano
on the island bond is attacked by four
helicopters which he is able to defeat
thanks to his array of weaponry the
attack though does confirm his
suspicions that the enemy base is nearby
later that day a Soviet spacecraft is
then captured in orbit by another
unidentified craft which further
heightens tensions with the US the
mysterious spaceship lands in a secret
base hidden inside the volcano bomb was
flying over early
[Music]
inside the base it turns out that the
mastermind behind the rocket kidnappings
is Ernst Stavro Blofeld the mysterious
leader or number one of Spectre last
seen and Thunderball it is revealed that
Specter have been hired by China to
start a Soviet American war in order for
them to destroy each other so that China
can replace them as the world's new
leading superpower
Blofeld then some susato and brandt to
his office who are revealed to be
specter agents to answer for not having
killed bond
esatto immediately blames brandt so
Blofeld kills her by dropping her into a
pool filled with piranhas Blofeld then
orders Asato to kill bomb bomb then
meets Tanaka and Aki at Tigers ninja
school where they plan to infiltrate Bo
Feld's island by disguising bond and
tigers men as Japanese fishermen they
then planned to send a hundred ninjas as
well as Tiger himself to attack the
island of dust the night before the
mission a Spectre assassin infiltrates
bonds sleeping quarters and tries to
poison bond while he and a Kia sleeping
however bond rolls over in his sleep
causing a key to accidentally ingest the
poison instead bond wakes up and kills
the assassin but is unable to prevent a
key from dying
following a second attempt on his life
by another assassin this time disguised
as a ninja bond is taken to meet kisi
Suzuki who is to act as his wife during
the disguise the two then head to the
island and follow a lead together a few
days prior an island girl was killed
while swimming in a cave the death was
very suspicious so the pair investigator
cave where they find it to be
booby-trapped with poisonous gas they
also discover that the cave is directly
below the volcano and so bond surmises
that the base must be inside the volcano
because of this he and kisi climbed to
the crater where they discovered that
the mouth of the volcano is a disguised
hatch to the secret rocket base bond
slips inside the base while kiss he goes
to alert Anika inside the base bond
discovers that Specter are targeting one
final American launch that they believe
if disturbed will trigger the beginning
of the war bond then manages to locate
and free the captured American and
Soviet astronauts and with their help
steals a spacesuit in an attempt to
infiltrate the spektr spacecraft
responsible for the kidnappings
however Blofeld spots bond miss handling
his equipment on CCTV and he's captured
before he can board the spacecraft bond
is taken to the control room where he
meets bow fell face to face for the
first time there Blofeld reveals his
plan to bond and then kills Asato to
demonstrate the price of failure to bond
bond is taken away while the specter
rocket takes off it begins to close in
on the new American spacecraft and the
US government prepared to launch a
nuclear attack on the Soviet Union
meanwhile the team of ninjas trained by
Tanika arrived at the bases entrance but
are detected and shot at bond manages to
briefly open the hatch which allows some
of the ninjas inside the base once
inside they begin to attack the spectre
personnel during the ensuing battle bond
fights his way back to the control room
and kills one of Blofeld's bodyguards by
tossing him into the Piranha pool he
then activates the specter rockets
self-destruct mechanism before it can
reach the American craft which destroys
it the Americans promptly stand down
their nuclear forces having been beaten
Blofeld activates the bases
self-destruct system which is a bomb
that triggers a volcanic eruption blow
field then manages to escape while the
base begins to destroy itself bond Kissy
Tanaka and the surviving ninjas managed
to leave before the eruption destroys
the base and bonding kisi managed to
make their way to a life guard the two
kiss and the screen fades to black as
the para literally picked up by a
submarine
thank you so much for watching 10 minute
movies if you've enjoyed this video then
make sure to subscribe by clicking on
the ten on the screen for more videos
like this one see you all later
[Music]